The first WOD was by far the most difficult. Simply due to my lack of experience. My first attempt took me about three hours. Man, I found it extremely frustrating. I almost gave up. But then I realized there was a video link at the bottom. The videos were very helpful. Honestly after hours of googling, watching YouTube videos and using Chat GPT I almost gave up. I am a visual learner and watching the narrated videos was far more valuable than having to read all the material. I think the Athletic Approach has it place in this field. After timing myself and learning the steps from the video I dramatically improved my time.

I started the second WOD with way more confidence. After my first attempt, without watching the video, I was still a little disappointed. It still took about an hour and half. Mostly due to not knowing how to plug the codes into the file. I found knowing how to read the code is very valuable. And of course after watching the video I learned as the narrator explained what and how it worked. He was like the translator. Because the first WOD took me so long I felt more comfortable with VS Code and how to access the server. A common problem I was having was knowing my location inside the layers of “path” and being able to access the server from that location. This was a huge issue for me. After going back to the lecture videos from class, I was able to apply that knowledge. After the third attempt I finally felt comfortable to start my screencast and finished in AV.

The third WOD I had a “I can do this!” attitude. This time to be more efficient I watched the video first, then timed myself three times until I felt comfortable with the knowledge I gained. I found this method way more effective for my learning needs. My first attempt I got Sd. Then I quickly reduced my time to Av. The athletic approach I found is very effective!

